README.md, before:

# Complete starter seed project for Angular 2

## Material Branch with Universal (Server-side rendering) support

> Featuring Material Design 2, Webpack 2 (and Webpack DLL plugin for faster dev builds), HMR (Hot Module Replacement), @ngrx for state management and optional server-side rendering with Universal.

###### You can use npm, but it's recommended to use yarn as it installs a lot faster and has other benefits https://yarnpkg.com/ . Make sure you are using yarn version 0.16.0 or newer (check with 'yarn --version')

```bash
git clone https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter.git
cd angular-webpack2-starter
yarn
yarn start
```

### [Material Branch without Universal (Server-side rendering) support](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/no-universal-support)

### [Bootstrap Branch](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/bootstrap)

### [Bootstrap and Universal Branch](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/bootstrap-and-universal)

### [Minimal Branch](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/minimal)

## Features

* Angular 2
  * Async loading
  * Treeshaking
  * AOT (Ahead of Time/ Offline) Compilation
  * AOT safe SASS compilation
* Webpack 2
  * Webpack Dlls (Speeds up devServer builds)
* HMR (Hot Module Replacement)
* TypeScript 2
  * @types
* Material Design 2
* Universal (Server-side Rendering)
* @ngrx
  * store (RxJS powered state management for Angular2 apps, inspired by Redux)
  * effects (Side effect model for @ngrx/store)
  * router-store (Bindings to connect angular/router to ngrx/store)
  * store-devtools (Developer Tools for @ngrx/store)
  * store-log-monitor (Log Monitor for @ngrx/store-devtools and Angular 2)
  * ngrx-store-logger (Advanced console logging for @ngrx/store applications, ported from redux-logger.)
  * ngrx-store-freeze in dev mode (@ngrx/store meta reducer that prevents state from being mutated.)
* Karma/Jasmine testing
* Protractor for E2E testing

## Project Goals

* The main goal is to provide an environment where you can have great dev tools and create a production application without worrying about adding a bunch of stuff yourself.
* The goal of your design should be so that you can easily copy and paste your app folder and your constants file into to a new update of this project and have it still work. Use constants and have proper separation to make upgrades easy. If you have any suggestions on areas where this starter can be designed to make updates more easy, file an issue.

## Basic scripts

Use `yarn start` for dev server. Default dev port is `3000`.

Use `yarn run start:hmr` to run dev server in HMR mode.

Use `yarn run build` for production build.

Use `yarn run server:prod` for production server and production watch. Default production port is `8088`.

Use `yarn run universal` to run production build in Universal. To run and build universal in AOT mode, use
`yarn run universal:aot`. Default universal port is `8000`.

npm test --> to run a watch with all the unit tests

npm e2e -->

Default ports and option to use proxy backend for dev server can be changed in `constants.js` file.

To create AOT version, run `yarn run compile`. This will compile and build script.
Then you can use `yarn run prodserver` to see to serve files.
Do not use build:aot directly unless you have already compiled.
Use `yarn run compile` instead, it compiles and builds:aot

The scripts are set to compile css next to scss because ngc compiler does not support Sass.
To compile scss, use `yarn run sass`, but many of the scripts will either build or watch scss files.

### Store Log Monitor / Store Logger

In development mode, the store log monitor appears on the right hand of your screen. This allows
you to view your stored state and manipulate your state history. By default, the monitor is NOT imported
when you are in production mode. State history is also not saved in production mode.

There is also an option to use store-logger which outputs to the console instead of your application view.
To set your development mode store logging preference, go to the constant.js file and edit the `STORE_DEV_TOOLS` constant.
Available options are `monitor | logger | both | none`

### HMR (Hot Module Replacement)

HMR mode allows you to update a particular module without reloading the entire application.
The current state of your app is also stored in @ngrx/store allowing you to make updates to your
code without losing your currently stored state.

### AOT  Don'ts

The following are some things that will make AOT compile fail.

- Don’t use require statements for your templates or styles, use styleUrls and templateUrls, the angular2-template-loader plugin will change it to require at build time.
- Don’t use default exports.
- Don’t use form.controls.controlName, use form.get(‘controlName’)
- Don’t use control.errors?.someError, use control.hasError(‘someError’)
- Don’t use functions in your providers, routes or declarations, export a function and then reference that function name
- Inputs, Outputs, View or Content Child(ren), Hostbindings, and any field you use from the template or annotate for Angular should be public

### Testing

For unit tests, use `yarn run test` for continuous testing in watch mode and use
`yarn run test:once` for single test. To view code coverage after running test, open `coverage/html/index.html` in your browser.

For e2e tests, use `yarn run e2e`. To run unit test and e2e test at the same time, use `yarn run ci`.

### Wiki Links

[Recommended Steps for merging this starter into existing project](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/wiki/Recommended-Steps-for-Merging-Starter-into-Existing-Project)

### License

[MIT](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

adding testing, parallel not working

README.md, after:

# Complete starter seed project for Angular 2

## Material Branch with Universal (Server-side rendering) support

> Featuring Material Design 2, Webpack 2 (and Webpack DLL plugin for faster dev builds), HMR (Hot Module Replacement), @ngrx for state management and optional server-side rendering with Universal.

###### You can use npm, but it's recommended to use yarn as it installs a lot faster and has other benefits https://yarnpkg.com/ . Make sure you are using yarn version 0.16.0 or newer (check with 'yarn --version')

```bash
git clone https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter.git
cd angular-webpack2-starter
yarn
yarn start
```

### [Material Branch without Universal (Server-side rendering) support](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/no-universal-support)

### [Bootstrap Branch](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/bootstrap)

### [Bootstrap and Universal Branch](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/bootstrap-and-universal)

### [Minimal Branch](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/tree/minimal)

## Features

* Angular 2
  * Async loading
  * Treeshaking
  * AOT (Ahead of Time/ Offline) Compilation
  * AOT safe SASS compilation
* Webpack 2
  * Webpack Dlls (Speeds up devServer builds)
* HMR (Hot Module Replacement)
* TypeScript 2
  * @types
* Material Design 2
* Universal (Server-side Rendering)
* @ngrx
  * store (RxJS powered state management for Angular2 apps, inspired by Redux)
  * effects (Side effect model for @ngrx/store)
  * router-store (Bindings to connect angular/router to ngrx/store)
  * store-devtools (Developer Tools for @ngrx/store)
  * store-log-monitor (Log Monitor for @ngrx/store-devtools and Angular 2)
  * ngrx-store-logger (Advanced console logging for @ngrx/store applications, ported from redux-logger.)
  * ngrx-store-freeze in dev mode (@ngrx/store meta reducer that prevents state from being mutated.)
* Karma/Jasmine testing
* Protractor for E2E testing

## Project Goals

* The main goal is to provide an environment where you can have great dev tools and create a production application without worrying about adding a bunch of stuff yourself.
* The goal of your design should be so that you can easily copy and paste your app folder and your constants file into to a new update of this project and have it still work. Use constants and have proper separation to make upgrades easy. If you have any suggestions on areas where this starter can be designed to make updates more easy, file an issue.

## Basic scripts

Use `yarn` to download all the dependencies

Use `yarn start` for dev server. Default dev port is `3000`.

Use `yarn run build` for production build.

Use 'yarn run'

Use `yarn run start:hmr` to run dev server in HMR mode.

Use `yarn run server:prod` for production server and production watch. Default production port is `8088`.

Use `yarn run universal` to run production build in Universal. To run and build universal in AOT mode, use
`yarn run universal:aot`. Default universal port is `8000`.

#TESTING

yarn test --> to run a watch with all the unit tests

yarn e2e:only --> runs protractor(/test-config/protractor.conf.js(chrome), e2e tests on the dist folder

yarn e2e:phantom --> runs protractor('/test-config/protractor.phantom.conf.js(phantom), e2e tests on the dist folder

yarn e2e:parallel --> runs protractor('/test-config/protractor.parallel.conf.js), runs the tests in all the browsers specified at(/test-config/capabilities.js) in the cloud(browserstack)

yarn e2e:captures --> runs protractor('/test-config/protractor.captures.conf.js), creating screen shots at /e2e/captures 

Default ports and option to use proxy backend for dev server can be changed in `constants.js` file.

To create AOT version, run `yarn run compile`. This will compile and build script.
Then you can use `yarn run prodserver` to see to serve files.
Do not use build:aot directly unless you have already compiled.
Use `yarn run compile` instead, it compiles and builds:aot

The scripts are set to compile css next to scss because ngc compiler does not support Sass.
To compile scss, use `yarn run sass`, but many of the scripts will either build or watch scss files.

### Store Log Monitor / Store Logger

In development mode, the store log monitor appears on the right hand of your screen. This allows
you to view your stored state and manipulate your state history. By default, the monitor is NOT imported
when you are in production mode. State history is also not saved in production mode.

There is also an option to use store-logger which outputs to the console instead of your application view.
To set your development mode store logging preference, go to the constant.js file and edit the `STORE_DEV_TOOLS` constant.
Available options are `monitor | logger | both | none`

### HMR (Hot Module Replacement)

HMR mode allows you to update a particular module without reloading the entire application.
The current state of your app is also stored in @ngrx/store allowing you to make updates to your
code without losing your currently stored state.

### AOT  Don'ts

The following are some things that will make AOT compile fail.

- Don’t use require statements for your templates or styles, use styleUrls and templateUrls, the angular2-template-loader plugin will change it to require at build time.
- Don’t use default exports.
- Don’t use form.controls.controlName, use form.get(‘controlName’)
- Don’t use control.errors?.someError, use control.hasError(‘someError’)
- Don’t use functions in your providers, routes or declarations, export a function and then reference that function name
- Inputs, Outputs, View or Content Child(ren), Hostbindings, and any field you use from the template or annotate for Angular should be public

### Testing

For unit tests, use `yarn run test` for continuous testing in watch mode and use
`yarn run test:once` for single test. To view code coverage after running test, open `coverage/html/index.html` in your browser.

For e2e tests, use `yarn run e2e`. To run unit test and e2e test at the same time, use `yarn run ci`.

### Wiki Links

[Recommended Steps for merging this starter into existing project](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/wiki/Recommended-Steps-for-Merging-Starter-into-Existing-Project)

### License

[MIT](https://github.com/qdouble/angular-webpack2-starter/blob/master/LICENSE)
